Align Tabs and TabList API (#3710)
sumup-oss/circuit-ui: .changeset/wild-pianos-decide.md

---
"@sumup-oss/circuit-ui": minor
---

> Added a `tabs` prop to TabList that manages selection state, keyboard navigation, and ARIA attributes internally and exported the TabItem as a public type.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Added a new, simplified way to manage tabs internally in the TabList component. Similar to the Tabs component, pass a `tabs` prop to Tablist to have selection state, keyboard navigation, and ARIA attributes managed out of the box. Tabs as `children` are still supported.
```
